It was a special place. Beautiful trails, birds chirping, deer and lots of relaxing. Denise was kind and inviting.
We have stayed at many (Hidden by Airbnb) and Airbnb places. This was so awesome it was off the charts! So quiet and restorative with amenities beyond any other! Super hosts! We are going to make it the top of the list for visiting again. We tried shopping and restaurant suggestions that were delightful!
The retreat is definitely worth a visit! So much so that we already want to come back. You can’t beat the coziness of the guesthouse and treehouse. Stan and Denise are lovely and put so many wonderful touches into everything. I need more than five stars to rate it!
We were looking for an easy weekend get away to relax and unwind, and thats exactly what we got at the retreat! We will definitely be returning to enjoy this wonderful space & property.
This place is charming! The interior is beautifully decorated, with extra touches all around. The outside is peaceful and quiet, with trails to walk and enjoy the outdoors, or a screened in porch to relax and reflect.
Stan and Denise have the ultimate relaxation getaway. If you are looking for somewhere to unplug and unwind this is the place. Every amenity you can imagine is available. This is the perfect spot.
This place is a great find. Everything was clean, communication was simple, and Stan and Denise are warm and hospitable. Access to both the tree house bedroom and the guest section of the house was a fun and stress-free combination, and the woodsy location is certainly a good choice for any getaway or retreat. Note that the only bathroom is in the living/bedroom space of the house (no door separates the bedroom area), so keep that in mind if you are considering bringing a group. Highly recommended.
Their Retreat Center was beautiful, fully embraced in Nature. The Tree House was an adventure to stay in, they also had plenty of space for a family to stay and have a wonderful escape from the business of life.
Stan and Denise were great hosts. I would love to come back again soon. Beautiful valley with creek, ponds, trails, scenic resting spots on the trails, wildlife with a campfire and a comfortable place to sleep. Our group loved it. Luxury camping.
Stan and Denise were great hosts, very thoughtful and hospitable. The house was very well maintained and clean, also very unique. The property was beautiful. Unfortunately we didn't have time to explore the trails, but can't wait to return to explore and get to know these amazing people more! We went to Snow Creek to snowboard and the location was fairly close (about a 30 minute drive) and offered a much better alternative to hotels that were located further away. Its about a 15 minute drive to Leavenworth which has some amazing local restaurants that are definitely worth visiting. Stan and Denise had a large binder there with plenty of information about local businesses. Also Denise was very helpful in that regard as well. I highly recommend this airbnb!
Great place to stay. Great people!
If you’re looking for something local to Kansas City, yet feel so far away hidden in nature with the beautiful ambience this is your place. It was a super quiet and peaceful place that enabled us to connect and embrace everything around! It was super cozy, very spacious and inviting for all. We will definitely make this one of our must visit again places for a longer period next time.
Stan and Denise have a great place, definitely think about the little things. Highly recommend
This retreat is a gift for all who visit! The beauty of the land, trails, ponds, retreat lodge, etc was breathtaking. The hosts are friendly, welcoming and very thoughtful. You will find a quiet space to think, have fellowship, rest and restore. We will be back for sure! Thank you Stan and Denise for sharing your home with us.
We had a really wonderful stay at Stan's place. He and his wife exude hospitality and everything was beyond expectations. The property and treehouse is stunning!
Thus was such a peaceful and relaxing getaway. Denise gave us such a warm welcome and a compacted all of our needs. Definitely recommend 10/10
Denise and Stan were great hosts! Their treehouse is amazing! We loved all the nature trails and all the amazing views!! The place was super clean!
If you're looking for quiet and peace among beautiful woods, you can't get any better. The hosts, Denise and Stan, are wonderful, kind and generous people. We were looking for a place to retreat into nature, and we were not disappointed. The amenities provide everything you might need for your stay. Sitting in the screened-in porch in the evening is so peaceful and the trails are well kept and easy to walk. We can't wait to return!
An amazing retreat tucked away in the woods. The trails are fun, and the tree house is cool. It is an amazing place to retreat from a busy day.
Absolutely fantastic stay! The hosts are above and beyond in making sure everything was in perfect order. From the gorgeous treehouse, to the spotless care to every part of the house, to all the tiny little things that make you go "Wow!", Stan and Denise are your ideal hosts. Had a wonderful break from the city and left feeling refreshed. Look forward to coming back!
This place was absolutely breathtaking. I do not normally write reviews, but feel like it is necessary given how wonderful this place and the host were. I surprised my husband for our 1 year anniversary as a way to get away from our very hectic first year and just relax, play games, and hang out. The ambiance is so serene you feel like you are the only ones there. Denise was an amazing host and very friendly. If you are looking to get away from the city or chaoticness of life to take a moment to enjoy the beauty around you, this is the place for you.
This is a terrific place to stay! We booked it as a mini honeymoon for my sister and brother-in-law. This was a great place to stay if you're close to Leavenworth, Atchison, or Weston. It was clean, and the hosts are super-accommodating. The treehouse is really cute and the regular house space is welcoming and cozy. The work they've done in the trails makes them so inviting. This is great for a quiet getaway!
Stan and Denise are the epitome of selfless hosts--they pull out all the stops to ensure your visit is exactly as expected. The treehouse is right out of a Country Living magazine, and their kitchen is stock with all you could need! Very cozy, VERY relaxing, and close to so many cool places! Warning that Weston and other small towns roll up the carpet on Monday's since they're open all weekend, so be sure to check the places you want to visit (i.e. Restaurants and Green Dirt Farm Cheese was closed Monday). Make sure to do a hike to say hi to the ducks (don't forget hiking boots, it gets muddy but there's a spigot for cleaning them off), sip some tea in the screened-in porch with some candles next to the koi pond, and start a roaring fire. Bring plenty of books to curl up with on the patio. ENJOY!
This place was everything we wanted it to be and more! Denise and Stan were great hosts, the place immediately felt like home with candles, games, TVs readily available to settle into. But it also felt like we were a million miles from the city- the double hammock was a delight on the dock by the upper pond. The treehouse was PERFECTION! We will be back, many, many times I am sure of it!
Great gift for my parents.
If you're looking for seclusion (12 miles to town), a walk in nature, a recreational from the ordinary, hosts who are genuine and a room in a tree house, this is the place to choose. There's a master bedroom if you don't want the tree house, but what a beautiful room built around the tree. The hosts take very good care of the property & guests and haven't missed a detail. I highly recommend
My husband and I just spent a weekend in Stan and Denise's beautiful retreat space to celebrate our 9 year anniversary. We knew from the pictures descriptions that it would be beautiful and peaceful. However, the pictures and description cannot even begin to describe our amazing weekend here. The quiet of the cool morning over a hot cup of coffee... hiking through the woods on a beautiful trail system... sitting in the treehouse surrounded by views of treetops and blue skies... listening to music while drinking a glass of wine as dinner cooks on the grill... watching an incredible thunderstorm from the warm safety of the screened in porch... I could go on and on... Stan and Denise put so much love in to every detail of this space and it really shows. We can't wait to come back!
We stayed at this lovely home during the total eclipse. Stan and Denise made our reservation and check-in so easy, and communication was very accurate and helpful. On arrival, we had a great orientation to our place. Much loving care was given to make our stay comfortable and pampering. The layout was well thought out with a full kitchen complete with all the dishes and cooking utensils needed. We BBQed chicken and had a full dinner with another couple who visited us that evening. We toured the koi pond, duck pond and upper pond together on their groomed trails with Stan and Denise and enjoyed their stories. There were three seating areas to relax, including a beautiful screened porch. There was a bedroom in the treehouse and one in lower level, a well equipped bathroom and beautiful views all around. We has "eclipse" cookies when we arrived and extra wine we could purchase at our place. The bed was comfy, linens and towels extra nice and great soaps and extra supplies if needed. We were so grateful to find this place and it's just 1/2 hour to Kansas City. High satisfaction with our place and our hosts were amazing.
Stan and Denise were wonderful hosts. We had everything that we needed. It was very well appointed and comfortable. My husband really enjoyed walking the trails on the property. We all slept very well, had fun using the grill for our shish kabob dinner. It was a great respite before we headed to Nebraska to see the eclipse. Highly recommend!
Relaxation. We were looking for a weekend away from the city, work, and stress and we received much more. This quiet home is nestled in the perfect spot to sit, relax, and listen to nature. With minimal cell service it was everything we needed to decompress and just take a moment to breathe. Their hiking trails are well maintained and excellent for quick walk or all day hike. Their property is gorgeous, we could've stayed there for a week! Denise and Stan are fantastic hosts! They were warm and friendly every time we saw them. We had a private romantic weekend, and they were available anytime we had a question. You can tell they have a great love for this place and making their guests comfortable. The location is fantastic, we visited several nearby towns for meals and shopping. It was wonderful, we hope to return some day.
Such great host, very friendly and accommodating.
what an amazing place! Who knew something so magical was just outside Leavenworth!! Highly recommend!!
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Stan and Denise are exceptional hosts! Their Hidden Valley retreat for exceeds words or descriptions. Such a relaxing atmosphere to soothe the soul. One must experience it. Looking forward to my next stay when in the area!
This place is so peaceful and beautiful! A nice refreshing place to listen to the koi pond bubble, hear crickets and bull frogs at night and sit on the screened in porch with candles lit and listen to music on the radio. A romantic tree house to sle in with cozy bedding and decor that is
Love the secluded location, the private trails, the ponds, and being in nature. The house was well appointed and very comfortable. We ventured into Parkerville for Sushi and it was fantastic! Highly recommend this place
This was our second stay and I cannot say enough wonderful things about the property and the hosts. Stan and Denise have beautifully decorated the house and tend to every need. The property and trails are very well maintained and the treehouse was a fun addition. Hosts like Stan and Denise are rare and we will continue to stay at their location because of the them. Truly, it is rest for the soul.
This place has a way of putting your heart at ease and your mind at peace. Our short stay here was simply serene as well as soul healing and a much needed break from the roaring buzz of the city. As we turned down the scenic gravel road we felt transported as the city's roar was tamed to a tranquil hum embodied by the calming landscape. We then had the pleasure of meeting Denise and Stan, who are bringing new life and vision to this gorgeous piece of land. We truly feel blessed to have made the acquaintance of such warm and compassionate people who are such an inspiration. They are doing the land justice, creating a sacred space and refuge for those seeking to recharge and reconnect with mother nature. We had an unforgettable stay and cannot wait to return. Thank you for everything!
An incredible stay!! Stan and Denise are impeccable hosts and have thought of every detail. Well groomed walking paths, fire pit, and ducks on the pond on private wooded acreage provided our much needed retreat. The fire flies in the evening were a bonus. The home has everything you need and is beautifully decorated and maintained. The screened in porch was where we spent most of our time. We can't say enough wonderful things about our stay. We enjoyed it so much we have already booked our next stay!!
Great place to stay with great hosts.
This lovely and peaceful place is a real gem of a find, a comfortable distance from the big city, and a short, scenic drive to surrounding quaint small towns for groceries and unique restaurants without big-city prices. In the secluded retreat that the visionary owners have restored and created in the valley, everything was clean, and the many comfortable furnishings provided various delightful spaces and ways to live and relax indoors as well as out. We especially loved the screened porch with its view, from the reclining chairs and ceiling fans! We only booked one night, but wish we had stayed longer, as we would have walked more trails, explored more, and relaxed longer! The very comfortable king poster bed with its sumptuous furnishings provided a restful night's sleep in the peaceful, dark, and quiet setting. We had packed so lightly (on our motorcycle) that I worried whether shampoo would be provided. But no worries! The hosts thoughtfully anticipated and had provided for all those little things. They were always perceptive and respected their guests' needs and desires for privacy. But we also enjoyed some rich spontaneous outdoor conversation that linked human hearts. Their kind spirits and excellent stewardship of this beautiful wooded mid-west spot beckon me to book again (and discover what new things they have added) as well as to recommend this hidden gem to all my friends and grown family!
My husband and I had an amazing time at Hidden Valley Retreat. If anything, the pictures don't do it justice! It is a beautiful rental that is so tranquil and relaxing. Stan and Denise we're very accommodating and friendly. We will definitely come back!
My husband & I were looking for a secluded place for a relaxing, refreshing weekend. We found exactly that at Stan & Denise's Hidden Valley Wilderness Retreat. The accommodations were wonderful & if you could pull yourself away from the relaxing covered back porch, antique shopping in Leavenworth is just a half hour away. Highly recommend this & we hope to return again.
Beautiful and spacious home, great hosts. Low water pressure in the shower was a minor complaint but would absolutely stay there again. Really enjoyed walking the grounds and the secluded location.
We had a wonderful time. A perfect place to get away and enjoy the woods in what is a private a retreat spot.
If you're looking to get away from it all, Stan & Denise offer the perfect respite!
The hosts were very accommodating to our desire for privacy. It is a very comfortable accommodation. They even had a little picnic basket so we could take a lovely picnic in the woods. the cookies upon arrival were delicious!
This place is perfect for a quiet and private getaway. The house was very nice and clean. The grounds are breathtaking. I would very much recommend this house.
Surprised my husband for our 30th wedding anniversary in a special way, something different from just spending a night in a hotel downtown. Everything about this retreat was delightful from how easy it was to find, to the gorgeous setting, to the comfort in the darling and cozy cabin, to the hospitality of the owners. The setting in the woods was so serene and peaceful and we stayed right around the cabin, enjoying the Koi pond and lovely screened in porch. Next time we will walk on all the trails and we look forward to going back to experience that. This is a special place for all seasons and you will not find better hosts than Stan and Denise. A wonderful way to relax, celebrate, refresh and find peace away from the busyness of life - but yet near enough to town if you want to eat out or need anything. A very special place indeed that we would encourage you to enjoy!
We live about an hour away in KC. We were looking for a quick getaway (without kids) to relax. We found it at this place. It's just outside a city but secluded enough we never heard a car, saw lots of deer, and saw lots of other wildlife. The couple that greeted us were absolutely gracious and provided everything we could possibly need. The screened in porch overlooking woods was an added bonus and we spent most of our time out there and on the porch. We woke up the next morning and went out on their well-marked trails and enjoyed that tremendously. I highly recommend this place for a quick getaway. We're going to try this place again when maybe we can get two nights away.
The owners, Stan and Denise greeted us as we pulled into the covered parking area. They showed us the house, explained the rules, shared a map of the trails and clearly explained the hazards. The property is nestled in the middle of the woods, surrounded by trees, creeks and wildlife. Simply beautiful setting. The house is warm and welcoming with a "slightly modern - yet rustic feel." Multiple decks invite you to spend time outside and enjoy the view. Every wall, even the small reading 'cove' walls have windows. Nearly everywhere you look, you can see the surrounding beauty. The design is well thought out and inviting. Leave your cell phones in the car and just enjoy being in the midst of nature at its finest. Cell reception is spotty so have yourself a "Technology free" retreat. There is a hard line if you absolutely need to reach the outside world or if someone needs to call you. A few games are provided in the house and there are two TVs connected to Dish Network. However, you may not want to watch much TV with the opportunity to walk the approximately one mile of rustic, yet well marked, trails. Food is not provided, however there is a kitchen with all appliances, dishes and utensils - bring your food and make plans to make yourself at home. Additionally Stan and Denise offer restaurant recommendations in Leavenworth, just a few miles down the road. Several flavors of coffee are provided, however. Honeymooners? Anniversary get away? Just need time out of the city? I give this retreat an excellent rating and recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet, restful night or weekend.
